Git starter guide by TuononenP

1. Install Git (e.g. msysGit for Windows)
   use default installation options

2. Get Github account
   forget ssh key this time, you will add it later

3. Config Git - Tell Git your user name and email address from Github account
   (Write the following codes to Git bash, replace name and email address)
   git config --global user.name "example"
   git config --global user.email example@gmail.com

4. Create your public/private key pair (use the same email you typed earlier)
   ssh-keygen -C "name@email.com" -t rsa

5. Get a full clone of all the files in repository
   (in Vista default saving location is C:\Users\username\rsa-cryptosystem-education):
   git clone git://github.com/TuononenP/rsa-cryptosystem-education.git

6. Get the newest files from server to your local computer:
   git pull origin master	(master is a branch name)

7. NOTE!
   It is very important you don't push the updates to the master branch.
   We use only experiment branch to edit files on local computers.
   Then we push local experiment branch to server's experiment branch.
   When I see that experiment branch is stable enough, only I'm allowed to
   merge experiment and master branch. This is just a safety precaution.
   We should always have a fully working master version what ever should happen.

   Create experiment branch:
   cd rsa-cryptosystem-education
   git branch experiment
   git pull origin experiment

8. Make changes to the files on your computer (use "git branch" to see you are using experiment branch)

9. Update server's files with your modifications
   cd to the right directory with bash (e.g. cd rsa-cryptosystem-education)
   git add filename/folder     (tells git which file you want to send to server)
   git commit -m 'Explain what you changed'	(comment changes)     
   (the next line actually applies the changes to the server)
   git push git@github.com:TuononenP/rsa-cryptosystem-education.git  (path needed only first time)

---------------------------------------------------------

To update local branch with server's branch:
   git pull origin branch_name	(if first time pulling)
   git pull

To change branch:
   git checkout branch_name

To check which branch you are editing:
   git branch